Only error on constraints if no allocs are running (#25850)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/25850.txt

```release-note:bug

> scheduler: Fixed a bug whenre planning or running a system job with constraints & rpreviously running allocations would return a failed allocation error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scheduler: Fixed a bug where planning or running a system job with constraints & previously running allocations would return a failed allocation error
```

Author: Thank you for catching my spelling mistakes! 🙏
